then we are looking at the new iphone 5
this is running iOS 6 0 notice an extra
road flaps down here at the bottom
because the screen is a bit bigger
there's a 11 36 x 640 display top into
the camera app here so one of the new
features here is the panorama mode I see
it switch over to here obviously not
enough space to do one here but
surpassed book is another iOS 6 features
one who noticed sheraton starwood hotels
here in delta as well new since the
original introduction quite a bit
thinner and lighter it is a little bit
taller but it's kind of amazing how much
lighter this feels compared to the 4s
you'll notice the two-tone colors here
harkening back to the original iphone
here new 8 megapixel camera with LED
flash yeah familiar button layout here
on the side volume up and down as well
as the mute switch
here at the bottom everything else looks
pretty familiar than I was refused two
4s you'll notice a smaller sim card slot
here that's because this uses the Nano
Sam instead of the micro sim / 4s
same grid down here it's going to put it
up beside the for us here just to give
you a look at the size dimension
difference so you'll see just a little
bit of a difference in height here
it's quite a bit better
Wolverine
so that's a brief hands-on iphone 5
hopefully beginning to spend a bit more